doc(release) Release notes web 23.10.17 (#3613)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-23.10/releases/centreon-os.mdx

## Centreon Web

### 23.10.17

Release date: `September 30, 2024`

<details open>
  <summary>Enhancements</summary>

- [Authentication] Rescheduled the task of deleting expired tokens.

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

- [API] Fixed access control for monitoring servers configuration endpoints.
- [API] Fixed ACL for meta-service endpoint.
- [Authorization] Fixed an issue on ACLs reloading.
- [Authentication] Fixed an issue with the ‘X509, MultiFactor’ authentication method.
- [Authentication] Fixed incorrect URL redirection issue with OpenID Connect.
- [Configuration] Fixed an issue on mass change which enabled disabled services.

> - [Configuration] Fixed an issue on central server ID in Gorgone configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Configuration] The central server’s ID is now correctly configured in the Gorgone configuration.
```

- [Configuration] The correct value for the notification activation option is now written to the Engine configuration file.
- [CLAPI] The -V command now displays the version of Centreon with no unnecessary message.
- [Dashboard] When the user locale is different from **en_US**, the legend for the Metrics Graph widget is no longer empty.
- [Graph] Fixed an error that occurred when editing curves.
- [Graph] You can now select a metric in the curve and virtual metric configuration forms.
- [Packaging] Fixed invalid permissions on the cron that deletes obsolete tokens.

> - [Performance] Fixed a query performance issue with some specific data in the Resource status page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Performance] Fixed a query performance issue with some specific data on the Resource status page.
```
